Cleanup of cannned responses (#76689)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/use_another_repo.md

Hi!

Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It sincerely means a lot to us.

This appears to be something that should be filed against another project or bug tracker, and let us explain our reasons for thinking this:

   * FILL IN

<< CHOOSE AS APPROPRIATE >>

   * https://github.com/ansible-community/ansible-lint
   * https://github.com/ansible/ansible-runner
   * https://github.com/ansible/ansible-navigator
   * https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull
   * https://github.com/ansible-community/ara
   * https://github.com/ansible/awx
   * https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general
   * https://github.com/ansible-community/molecule

>    * For AAP or Tower licensees report issues via your RedHat representative or https://issues.redhat.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For AAP or Tower licensees report issues via your Red Hat representative or https://issues.redhat.com 
```

If you can stop by the tracker or forum for one of those projects, we'd appreciate it.

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.
Should you still wish to discuss things further, or if you disagree with our thought process, please stop by one of our two mailing lists:

   * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ansible-devel

>    * IRC: #ansible-devel on [irc.libera.chat](https://libera.chat/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Matrix: [#devel:ansible.im](https://matrix.to/#/#devel:ansible.im)
   * IRC: #ansible-devel on [irc.libera.chat](https://libera.chat/)
```

We'd be happy to discuss things.

> See  this page for a complete and up to date list of communication channels and their purposes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See  this page for a complete list of communication channels and their purposes:
```

Hi!

> Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It sincerely means a lot to us.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It means a lot to us.
```

> This appears to be something that should be filed against another project or bug tracker, and let us explain our reasons for thinking this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This appears to be something that should be filed against another project or bug tracker. Here's why:
```
